we are beep link
the great notorious champion david with the
independent sport medellín who
defended the colors of our beloved
team was with us to listen
the interview here in voice link
of the powerful people
thanks to the account holders
link of the voice of the powerful people
today we find a great idol
to leave it more
where are you from the wind
technical director
of the first
what are your expectations for
but not continue learning
experiences already at the training level and
it's the worst
now soccer grows no longer being in the
head has time was
how do you feel like those of
mention for example when you see a
match in between when you are playing
in these current times you see that
you are also in such a good position
and to that possibility what
I can not be on the court announces that
and the shots of
what can you learn as the positives
because you feel an exterior
when I want to direct
all those things accumulated rest of
put them to the players that I have and
at this time in the tournament how is
the team is believed to be able to become
champion this year
to see that of saying champions where
complicated
Sun
in all
a
the value line
taking advantage but in the painting
to win
in the interview we're still going to talk
a little topas
if the demon catches a February 14 and
have
it was contraindicated
the party way party in my life
also the most exciting
because we have a mouth network
to see him remember that moment in the
history
the desire to beat the
the team of the world
when we said that was passed me by
street I talked with a moment
but it's not very spontaneous
I stay I had no other recourse and I
a nice move came out but there was already
I got fogged up everything I wanted
finish the game because not only
we are first of group but have him
won a tremendous team in those
moments that was worldwide
at the time that marked his career
today that we are champions in the
2002 but there was also a moment where
I felt that the swollen the Medellin
me for my tests the best and because
medellin
having said how the team
because everyone wanted to play because he gave me
a very strange story was
ending an Argentine selection 15
where it turned out that
and there were several
for the moment national is in my mind
I had to go to introduce myself
envied because first
as the opportunity at the amateur level
of
of being in their ranks and already
there at 16 they called the one who had
to present myself well
but it was totally different malone
put to envigado and put to Medellin
it's a big team mts
the people of the most loved
to finish here
well I have run into the selection by
leg of the knockout match tomorrow
Argentine part
in the angel tie to remember and
also to a nice new party the
true
is the opportunity I was looking for the
I had several calls for a while
several gold cup friendly matches
played with the selection but the truth
was to consolidate myself created that I wanted and
it was against Argentina
the parties hurt the mind the
Durana problem did not continue in that
selection but I already say
I want to spend with me in the national team
black and unsigned because a party that
complicated to the goal of crespo has
robert who had oscar córdoba and who
would win this and in the goal of the draw in
a corner shot to a nice play
apart it's yours if it was a nice goal
good to remember as we do not talk about
liberators must do what the god
for green to see with the Medellin I played
two with santa faith and one play the cups
South American game
sports lara and an alcoholic
university of kiel your step by the
liberators 2003 was the one that issues 4
happened to mexico
you felt when the elimination
nationally sadness I started to cry
the true
it was a team that told me more we had
the truth be champions in that tournament
but for destiny things
how much time does a door take advantage of
to sing
well there was a greeting to link dean and
you want to talk to someone for
periods
we are link of the voice of the people
powerful
i
to
love moves
we go
you are on the court twice